README.md, before:

# Introduction to Authentication and Authorization

![Sample bank account web interface](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/web-development/bank_account_sample.png)

Have you ever noticed that if you share the URL to your bank’s web application, 
anyone with the URL can see that you just spent $9.50 on a Greenleaf Juice? The 
answer should be no. That is not how bank web applications work, thankfully!

How are banks able to provide you full access to your account information while 
limiting what everyone else can see? Are banks the only entities that need to 
address this problem? Not really, anyone who is building a web application will 
likely face how to dictate "who can see what." It turns out this is a pretty 
common problem.

## Breaking Down the Authentication and Authorization Problem

We can divide the "who can see what" problem into four smaller, but related 
problems:

- Who are you (i.e., Identification)
- Are you who you claim to be (i.e., Authentication)
- What are you allowed to do (i.e., Access Policy)
- Mechanisms to enforce the Access Policy (i.e., Authorization)

## Examples of Authentication and Authorization Flows

Identification, Authentication, Access Policy and Authorization are security 
concepts that equally apply to the physical and digital worlds. If you were to 
enter your local bank branch they would verify:

1. Who you are by asking your name. (Identification)
2. They would verify your identity claim by checking a form of I.D. (Authentication)
3. They would verify what type of access you have. Are you allowed to withdraw 
money? (Access Policy)
4. They would enforce the policy using security guards. You might be allowed to 
withdraw money from your account via a teller, but you are not allowed to walk 
into the safe and collect the money yourself. (Authorization)

When you access your bank account on the web you will:

1. Enter a username. That is an identity claim. (Identification)
2. Enter a password. You are providing proof of your identity claim. 
(Authentication)
3. You will be granted certain privileges based on your identity. (Access Policy)
4. Sprinkled throughout the web application, your bank will have checks to 
enforce the Access Policy. You will not be allowed to alter your balance and add $1,000,000.

## Defining Key Authentication and Authorization Terms

We can define the four security concepts that help us answer the "who can see 
what" questions as:

- **Identification**: Obtaining and identity claim from the user. (e.g., my 
email is,  my name is)

- **Authentication**: The process of verifying the identity claim of a user. 

- **Access Policy**: An access policy based on the identities and attributes of 
the resource being accessed and of the user requesting access.

- **Authorization**: Access privileges granted to a user or the act of granting 
those privileges.

## Section Objectives

Over the course of this section, you will learn how to build a basic 
implementation of these four security concepts in a Ruby on Rails application.

Commit message:

Add disclaimer about abstract security definitions

README.md, after:

# Introduction to Authentication and Authorization

![Sample bank account web interface](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/web-development/bank_account_sample.png)

Have you ever noticed that if you share the URL to your bank’s web application, 
anyone with the URL can see that you just spent $9.50 on a Greenleaf Juice? The 
answer should be no. That is not how bank web applications work, thankfully!

How are banks able to provide you full access to your account information while 
limiting what everyone else can see? Are banks the only entities that need to 
address this problem? Not really, anyone who is building a web application will 
likely face how to dictate "who can see what." It turns out this is a pretty 
common problem.

## Breaking Down the Authentication and Authorization Problem

We can divide the "who can see what" problem into four smaller, but related 
problems:

- Who are you (i.e., Identification)
- Are you who you claim to be (i.e., Authentication)
- What are you allowed to do (i.e., Access Policy)
- Mechanisms to enforce the Access Policy (i.e., Authorization)

## Examples of Authentication and Authorization Flows

Identification, Authentication, Access Policy and Authorization are security 
concepts that equally apply to the physical and digital worlds. If you were to 
enter your local bank branch they would verify:

1. Who you are by asking your name. (Identification)
2. They would verify your identity claim by checking a form of I.D. (Authentication)
3. They would verify what type of access you have. Are you allowed to withdraw 
money? (Access Policy)
4. They would enforce the policy using security guards. You might be allowed to 
withdraw money from your account via a teller, but you are not allowed to walk 
into the safe and collect the money yourself. (Authorization)

When you access your bank account on the web you will:

1. Enter a username. That is an identity claim. (Identification)
2. Enter a password. You are providing proof of your identity claim. 
(Authentication)
3. You will be granted certain privileges based on your identity. (Access Policy)
4. Sprinkled throughout the web application, your bank will have checks to 
enforce the Access Policy. You will not be allowed to alter your balance and add $1,000,000.

## Defining Key Authentication and Authorization Terms

We can define the four security concepts that help us answer the "who can see 
what" questions as:

- **Identification**: Obtaining and identity claim from the user. (e.g., my 
email is,  my name is)

- **Authentication**: The process of verifying the identity claim of a user. 

- **Access Policy**: An access policy based on the identities and attributes of 
the resource being accessed and of the user requesting access.

- **Authorization**: Access privileges granted to a user or the act of granting 
those privileges.

p.s. The above definitions above are fairly abstract, and they may not always 
directly map to a specific framework or library functionality. Nevertheless, it's 
important to have a general understanding of their meaning.

## Section Objectives

Over the course of this section, you will learn how to build a basic 
implementation of these four security concepts in a Ruby on Rails application.
